well they did it against all odds and
I'm just kidding but against I think a
lot of people's expectations Dignitas
did beat cloud nine today breaking kind
of this story of cloud nine looking so
good all the time i recently in cloud
nine but today it was all about dig
during right now by all tech all tech i
mean do you feel as though this was an
upset or did you always kind of expect
this um I don't really think it's I
upset because you know I'm very
confident in my ability I'm very
confident my team's ability I guess it's
more to the fans you know they've never
seen like Dignitas in the playoffs or
they're so used to like you know CLG c9
TSM in the in the finals or semifinals
that you know they would I guess would
call this an upset yeah I mean and I
will say it was a very very unusual
match we saw a lot of crazy stuff
especially that final game what was it
like for you playing in those four games
honestly the first two games were I'm
well I was like Shay you know we're - oh
we got the and then it came to like
Game three
you know we kind of I guess like pick
Nocturne kind of tropics kind of so you
know we lost our like okay and then Game
four we're winning you know
we double killed bottom and we kind of
like gave up Baron and gave a lot of
stuff so we're kind of in a losing
position but we kind of came back after
losing three in his which is like pretty
rare in the go legends I would say so I
think that was probably one of the
greatest games I've ever played yeah I
mean one of the things that it's
interesting to me is that for a long
time people have lauded Adrian as being
a great player a long time people have
said you've been a great player but I
don't feel like you've ever been as much
in the spotlight as you are with this
team so many people reference the
Dignitas botlane what is it like for you
being in this position now where like so
many people are looking at the bot lane
and realizing that you're a huge
contribution to the team succeeding I
think obviously I think I've been in the
spotlight multiple times I guess like
when I first started my career I was
doing really well I guess I just didn't
really achieve anything so I kind of
kind of like fell down you know
hopefully yeah with with the intosh you
know with we just beat c9 hopefully that
you know I
we might it's like more likely we're
going to play KSM so hopefully we can do
well against them and you know they have
one of the strongest followings and
hopefully you can do all
would you rather play TSM or mortals
personally it doesn't really matter just
whoever whatever happens happens you
know if we'd be to send then we'll have
a lot of confidence beating you know the
final team because HSN has never not
made finals so yeah that would be a
prehistoric for sure what is the next
week look like for you guys party what
is the next week look like for you guys
it's just hardcore screaming yeah I
think we you know we're going to take
the Sunday off tomorrow we're going to
watch like NBA and CLG play you know see
who we play against then you know
obviously like after the games are done
watching other games could be like it's
going to be super hilarious honestly but
I was just going to go back to grinding
this how it is on a night like this you
go out and celebrate you guys go get I
know Korean barbecue is a big hip thing
and LCS I don't know if we're going for
Korean barbecue but I definitely think
where you're going to have a team dinner
very very good well it's super exciting
to see you guys continue to do so well
and the match today was phenomenal is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the big fans ah you know
thanks very caring for us even though
you know we I guess even though like a
lot of people you know have a lot of
faith in c9 we're able to bring them
down and hopefully that whoever we play
next
TSM our MC that we're able to bring them
down to so see you guys in Boston very
good well thank you so much for the
interview congratulations again and for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things playoffs
and more here on my youtube channel
hello everyone this is Travis cafard and
thank you so much for supporting me here
on my youtube channel where I do lots of
interviews and videos if you would like
to support me more you can check me out
in the description below thank you
I sound like Squidward I think you sound
like Squidward to me